Principal Cheng, you actually arranged for teachers and students to fight
Or one-on-three?
It's just too much.
It's a two-body game.
Why is Xiaoming backing down?
Don't worry, I'm alone.
Yo young man is nice
If you have ambition, of course
Do famous teachers produce excellent apprentices?
But people like you
I can't have a master like me in this life
Is it old Deng?
Confidence is a good thing
Don't worry.
I will let you witness for yourself
Keep a cancer like you out of education
I will feel more fulfilled
Ok you wait for me
Du Jianguo
The home field of contempt is yours
The referee of this exam must have Wu Ding
classmate
This is thousands of languages and three subjects
Volunteer is our language teacher
This is our math teacher Li and our English teacher Zhang.
Now I declare
Start Here